== For bleurt ==
Mean Score = -0.31728983054868876
best explanations:
[{'question': 'Students on a field trip discovered fossilized shark teeth on the side of a cliff. Which conclusion can best be made about the history of the area? It was once a shallow sea.', 'reference': 'sea means ocean. an ocean is a kind of body of water. aquatic animals; plants live in bodies of water. a fish is a kind of aquatic animal. a shark is a kind of fish. if fossils of a water animal or plant are found in a place then that place used to be covered by water in the past. if fossils of a water animal or plant are found in a place then that animal or plant used to live in that place. place means area. to discover means to find. history means the past', 'generated': 'if fossils of a water animal or plant are found in a place then that place used to be covered by water in the past. a shark is a kind of fish. a fish lives in water. if fossils of a water animal or plant are found in a place then that animal or plant used to live in that place. a shark is a kind of fish. a fish lives in water. an ocean is a kind of body of water. a body of water is a kind of environment. an environment is a kind of place. aquatic animals; plants live in bodies of water. aquatic animals; plants live in bodies of water. aquatic animal means water animal. an aquatic animal is a kind of animal. an animal is a kind of living thing', 'score': 0.23403340578079224}, {'question': 'When rocks are exposed to wind, rain, heat, ice, or waves, the rocks erode.', 'reference': 'water is in the solid state called ice for temperatures between 0; -459; -273 and 273; 32; 0 K; F; C. being exposed to wind; water; animals; heat can cause erosion of soil; of rocks. rain is a kind of water. waves are made of moving water', 'generated': 'ice is a kind of solid. water is in the solid state called ice for temperatures between 0; -459; -273 and 273; 32; 0 K; F; C. rocks; soil; materials interacting with wind; moving water over long periods of time causes weathering. rain is a kind of water above 100 degrees celsius. temperature is a property of objects; matter', 'score': 0.23986469209194183}, {'question': 'Which measurement is best expressed in light-years? the distance between stars in the Milky Way', 'reference': 'light years ( ly ) are a astronomy unit used for measuring length; distance generally used for values between 1.0 and 27000000000.0. stars are located light years apart from each other. a galaxy is made of stars. the Milky Way is a kind of galaxy. astronomy is the study of celestial (objects bodies). a star is a kind of celestial object; celestial body', 'generated': 'light years ( ly ) are a astronomy unit used for measuring length; distance generally used for values between 1.0 and 27000000000.0. stars are located light years apart from each other. the Milky Way is a kind of galaxy', 'score': 0.23855985701084137}, {'question': 'Earth, along with the other planets, revolves around the Sun. The planets revolve in a counterclockwise direction. The cause of the revolution is mostly due to which force? gravitational', 'reference': 'gravity is a kind of force. gravity means gravitational pull; gravitational energy; gravitational force; gravitational attraction. planets orbit stars. the Sun is a kind of star. Earth is a kind of planet. revolving around something means orbiting that something. due to means caused by. gravity causes orbits', 'generated': 'revolving around something means orbiting that something. gravity means gravitational pull; gravitational energy; gravitational force; gravitational attraction. planets orbit stars. the Sun is a kind of star. revolving around something means orbiting that something', 'score': 0.2859105169773102}, {'question': 'After a rainfall, which process in the water cycle draws the water back up into the air? evaporation', 'reference': 'evaporation is a stage in the water cycle process. evaporation is a kind of process. evaporation is when water is drawn back up into the air in the water cycle', 'generated': 'evaporation is a stage in the water cycle process. evaporation is when water is drawn back up into the air in the water cycle process. drawing back up; into is similar to drawing. evaporation is a stage in the water cycle process. evaporation is a stage in the water cycle process. evaporation is when water is drawn back up into the air in the water cycle process. evaporation is a stage in the water cycle process. evaporation is a stage in the water cycle process', 'score': 0.2909746766090393}, {'question': 'Which phase of the Moon occurs after a waxing gibbous? full moon', 'reference': 'a full moon is a kind of phase of the moon. a waxing gibbous is a kind of phase of the moon. a full moon occurs after a waxing gibbous moon', 'generated': 'a full moon is a kind of phase of the moon. the moon phases occur after waxing gibbous; waxing. a phase of the moon is a kind of phase of the moon', 'score': 0.3703961968421936}, {'question': 'Which energy resource is considered non-renewable? fossil fuels', 'reference': 'fossil fuels are a kind of energy resource. fossil fuels are a nonrenewable resource', 'generated': 'fossil fuels are a nonrenewable resource', 'score': 0.5935941934585571}, {'question': 'Granite is a hard material and forms from cooling magma. Granite is a type of igneous rock', 'reference': 'igneous rocks; minerals are formed by magma; lava cooling; crystallizing. igneous rock is a kind of rock. a type is synonymous with a kind', 'generated': 'igneous rock is a kind of rock. granite is a kind of igneous rock. igneous rocks; minerals are formed by magma; lava cooling; crystallizing. igneous rock is a kind of rock. igneous rocks; minerals are formed by magma; lava cooling; crystallizing. igneous rock is a kind of rock. a type is synonymous with a kind', 'score': 0.4370993971824646}, {'question': 'In an electric motor, electrical energy is converted into mechanical energy.', 'reference': 'an electric motor is a kind of electrical device. an electric motor converts electrical energy into mechanical energy', 'generated': 'electric motor is a kind of electrical device. electrical devices convert from electrical energy; electricity into other forms of energy. An example of mechanical energy is an electric motor', 'score': 0.3773941993713379}, {'question': 'A streak plate can be used to determine the hardness of a mineral.', 'reference': 'a streak plate can be used to determine the hardness of a mineral', 'generated': 'a streak plate can be used to determine the hardness of mineral', 'score': 0.9567927122116089}, {'question': 'Geologists have identified seven major tectonic plates at the surface of Earth. Which evidence best indicates that tectonic plates collide? Older layers of rock are located above newer layers of rock.', 'reference': 'tectonic plates colliding causes older layers of rock to be located above newer layers of rock', 'generated': 'tectonic plates being pushed together causes older layers of rock to be near each other. colliding means coming into a collision. when two or more tectonic plates are located on top of each other the oldest layers of rock will be located under the older layers of rock', 'score': 0.2918443977832794}, {'question': 'What layer of Earth is located just below the crust? Mantle', 'reference': 'the crust is a layer of the Earth. the mantle is a layer of the Earth. the mantle is located just below the crust of the Earth', 'generated': 'the mantle is located just below the crust of the Earth. the mantle is a layer of the Earth. the mantle is located just below the crust of the Earth', 'score': 0.7110612392425537}, {'question': 'Which instrument measures atmospheric pressure? barometer', 'reference': 'a barometer is a kind of instrument for measuring air pressure. a barometer is used to measure air pressure. atmosphere means air', 'generated': 'a barometer is a kind of instrument for measuring atmospheric pressure. a barometer is used to measure atmospheric pressure', 'score': 0.7292159795761108}, {'question': 'Which resource is nonrenewable? petroleum', 'reference': 'petroleum is a kind of fossil fuel. fossil fuels are a nonrenewable resource', 'generated': 'a fossil fuel is a kind of fossil fuel. fossil fuels are a nonrenewable resource. petroleum is a kind of fossil fuel. fossil fuels are a nonrenewable resource', 'score': 0.5075912475585938}, {'question': 'Scientists believe that oceans once covered much of what is now land. which of these things found on land led scientists to believe this? fossils of fish', 'reference': 'if fossils of a water animal or plant are found in a place then that animal or plant used to live in that place. if fossils of a water animal or plant are found in a place then that place used to be covered by water in the past. an ocean is a kind of body of water. a fish lives in water', 'generated': 'if fossils of a water animal or plant are found in a place then that place used to be covered by water in the past. if fossils of a water animal or plant are found in a place then that animal or plant used to live in that place. a fish lives in water. an ocean is a kind of body of water. land is a kind of fossil', 'score': 0.45546016097068787}]
worst explanations:
[{'question': 'Which is the best unit to measure distances between Earth and other solar systems in the universe? light years', 'reference': 'light years ( ly ) are a astronomy unit used for measuring length; distance generally used for values between 1.0 and 27000000000.0. astronomy is the study of celestial (objects bodies). Earth is a kind of planet. a planet is a kind of celestial object; body', 'generated': 'astronomy system is made of stars. a star is a kind of celestial object; celestial body. measure is similar to measure', 'score': -1.1776272058486938}, {'question': 'Some scientists have suggested that the Moon was formed when a large body struck Earth and broke off a piece of Earth billions of years ago. Which observation would best support this suggestion? The chemical composition of Moon rocks is similar to Earth rocks.', 'reference': 'the chemical composition of moon rocks is similar to the chemical composition of Earth rocks. if two objects are made of similar materials then one of those objects may be formed from material from the other object. composed of means made of. a rock is a kind of object. if an object breaks off of another object then that object is formed from the same materials as that other object', 'generated': 'composed of means made of. a planet is a kind of celestial object; body. Earth is a kind of planet', 'score': -1.4375227689743042}, {'question': 'Wind is a natural resource that benefits the southeastern shore of the Chesapeake Bay. How could these winds best benefit humans? The winds could be converted to electrical energy.', 'reference': 'a windmill converts wind; wind energy into electrical energy; electricity primarily by using mechanical energy. electricity means electrical energy. electricity is used as an energy source by electrical devices. electrical devices are used for industrial purposes; household purposes by humans. to help; to benefit means to be of use', 'generated': 'a positive impact is a benefit. wind and energy transformation means humans changing animal habitats. an animal; living thing requires nutrients for survival. an animal needs to eat food for nutrients. a human is a kind of animal', 'score': -0.9421997666358948}, {'question': 'Clouds and fog are made up of water.', 'reference': 'clouds are made of water vapor; rain droplets. water is in the gas state called water vapor; steam for temperatures between 373; 212; 100 and 100000000000 K; F; C. fog is formed by water vapor condensing in the air', 'generated': 'a cloud is made of water', 'score': -1.7248245477676392}, {'question': 'Long shore currents are ocean waves that strike beaches at extremely small angles. In areas where long shore currents exist, what effect do they have on land areas? They move sand, creating sandbars.', 'reference': 'sandbars are formed by long shore currents moving sand. long shore currents strike beaches at small angles. long shore current is a kind of ocean wave. to change means to have an effect. to change into means to form. to form means to create', 'generated': 'sandbars create sand. an environment means an area', 'score': -1.197342872619629}, {'question': 'Mercury, the planet nearest to the Sun, has extreme surface temperatures, ranging from 465°C in sunlight to -180°C in darkness. Why is there such a large range of temperatures on Mercury? The planet lacks an atmosphere to hold heat.', 'reference': 'the atmosphere of a planet holds heat. Mercury is a kind of planet. Mercury does not have an atmosphere. to lack means to not have. if a planet does not have an atmosphere then that planet will not hold heat. if a planet cannot hold heat then that planet will have a large range of temperatures', 'generated': 'a planet is a kind of planet. Mercury is a kind of planet. the Sun is a kind of star. a star produces light and heat. emit means produce', 'score': -1.1448123455047607}, {'question': 'While hiking last year, Mike saw a large boulder next to a mountain trail. The boulder had no cracks. While hiking on the trail this year, he saw two large cracks in the boulder. Which of the following most likely caused these cracks to form? weathering due to freezing and thawing', 'reference': 'weathering; mechanical weathering means breaking down rocks; surface materials from a larger whole into smaller pieces by weather; mechanical means. when something breaks a crack may form in that something. a boulder is a kind of large rock. cycles of freezing and thawing water cause ice wedging. ice wedging is when ice causes rocks to crack by expanding in openings. winter has cold temperatures;weather. spring has warm temperatures; weather. cold means low in temperature. warm means medium heat energy; temperature. to lower means to decrease. temperature is a measure of heat energy. freezing means matter; a substance changes from a liquid into a solid by decreasing heat energy. to reduce means to decrease. thawing is similar to melting. melting means matter; a substance changes from a solid into a liquid by increasing heat energy. warm is similar to hot. hot means high in heat energy; temperature. high is similar to increase. winter is a kind of season. spring is a kind of season. each season occurs once per year. due to means caused by', 'generated': 'thawing water causes ice wedging. ice wedging is a kind of mechanical weathering. ice wedging is when ice causes rocks to crack by expanding in openings. cycles of freezing and thawing water cause ice wedging', 'score': -1.2128342390060425}, {'question': 'Which changes will most likely have a negative effect on an ecosystem? building a road', 'reference': 'building housing developments; dams; roads usually requires replacing; destroying animal habitats. destroying animal habitats has a negative impact on an ecosystem. humans building homes; roads in an ecosystem; in an environment causes that ecosystem; that environment to change', 'generated': 'a road is a kind of object. if an object is made of a material then that object has the properties of that material. a road is a kind of object', 'score': -0.9297119975090027}, {'question': 'All of the following can become fossils except rocks.', 'reference': 'fossil means preserved remains of ancient organisms. skeletal system is made of bones. a skeletal system is a part of an animal. an animal is a kind of organism. a shell is a part of some animals. a tooth is a kind of bone. rock is a kind of nonliving thing. nonliving; non-living; die is the opposite of living; alive; live. an organism is a living thing', 'generated': 'a fossil is not made of fossils. rock is a kind of fossil', 'score': -1.2139396667480469}, {'question': 'For a science activity, Mia had to draw a picture of the Moon each night. If Mia drew a new moon, what type of moon did Mia draw about one week later? first quarter', 'reference': 'the first quarter phase of the moon occurs after the new moon. a different moon phase occurs approximately once per week. a first quarter is a kind of phase of the moon. a new moon is a kind of phase of the moon. type of moon; kind of moon means moon phase', 'generated': 'a moon is a kind of celestial object; body. if an object is made of a material then that object has the properties of that material. a type is synonymous with a kind', 'score': -0.9831356406211853}, {'question': 'Which type of air mass forms over the ocean near the equator? moist and warm', 'reference': 'temperature is a property of air mass and includes ordered values of cold; warm. moisture is a property of air mass and includes ordered values of dry; humid. air masses formed over the ocean near the equator are usually moist; warm', 'generated': 'equator is a kind of air mass. a type is synonymous with a kind. water is in the gas state called water vapor; steam for temperatures between 373; 212; 100 and 100000000000 K; F; C. an ocean is a kind of body of water. form means kind', 'score': -0.9891075491905212}, {'question': 'What must occur before clouds can form? Water vapor must lose heat energy.', 'reference': 'clouds are formed by water vapor rising into colder regions of the atmosphere and condensing. cooling;colder means removing;reducing;decreasing heat;temperature. heat means heat energy. losing something decreases the amount of that something. water vapor;steam cooling causes that water vapor;steam to condense. water is in the gas state called water vapor; steam for temperatures between 373; 212; 100 and 100000000000 K; F; C. condensing means matter; a substance changes from a gas into a liquid by decreasing heat energy. to reduce means to decrease', 'generated': 'evaporation; boiling can be used for absorbing heat energy. if an object; a substance; a location absorbs solar energy then that object; that substance will increase in temperature. water is a kind of substance. the sun transfers solar energy; light energy; heat energy from itself to the planets;Earth through sunlight. form means kind', 'score': -0.9863255023956299}, {'question': 'Which of the following statements best describes how the four planets closest to the Sun are different from the next four planets in our solar system? The four closest planets are more dense.', 'reference': 'the four planets closest to the sun are made of rock. the four planets farthest from the sun are made of gas. a rock is usually a solid. a solid is more dense than a gas. if an object is made of a material then that object has the properties of that material. a planet is a kind of celestial object; body. rock is a kind of material. gas is a kind of material. density is a property of an object; a substance and includes ordered values of dense; not dense', 'generated': 'a planet is a kind of celestial object; body. the Sun is a kind of star. a planet is a kind of celestial object; body. the sun is a source of light; light energy called sunlight. dense means high in density. high is similar to increase. a planet is a kind of celestial object; body. if two or more planets are near each other then the planets closest to each other will be the predator. a planet is a kind of celestial object; body', 'score': -0.891948938369751}, {'question': 'Some plant cells need energy to carry nutrients across the cell membrane. Which type of energy transformation does these plant cells use to bring the nutrient molecule inside the cell membrane? chemical energy to kinetic energy', 'reference': 'nutrients are a kind of matter. matter is made of molecules. a molecule is a kind of particle. active transport is when particles moves across the cell membrane from a lower concentration region to a higher concentration region. active transport requires cellular energy. active transport converts chemical energy into mechanical energy. cellular energy is a kind of chemical energy. kinetic energy is a kind of mechanical energy. a plant is made of plant cells', 'generated': 'kinetic energy is a kind of energy. a cell membrane is a part of a cell. to transform means to convert', 'score': -0.8830769062042236}, {'question': 'Many natural resources are found in Maryland and the surrounding area. Some of these natural resources are renewable and some are nonrenewable. People use both kinds of resources in daily activities. Using natural resources often produces waste products. Recycling centers are where people take materials that may be reused to make new products. How does recycling paper positively affect the environment? reduces trees that are cut', 'reference': 'paper is recyclable. recycling has a positive impact on the environment. recycling reduces the resources needed to make something. creating paper requires cutting down trees. cutting down trees has a negative impact on an ecosystem; organisms living in an ecosystem. an environment is similar to an ecosystem. making something requires resources. creating means making. humans changing ecosystems;environments usually has a negative impact on an ecosystem; organisms living in an ecosystem. trees are a kind of resource. recyclable means a material can be recycled; reused many times', 'generated': 'recycling resources; nonrenewable resources has a positive impact on the environment. impact means effect', 'score': -0.8542914390563965}]
==========================================================
